index.md, before:

---
title: Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) Overview
permalink: /standards-guidelines/wcag/
layout: default
github:
  repository: w3c/wai-intro-wcag
---

{::nomarkdown}
{% include_cached toc.html type="start" title="Page Contents" class="simple" %}
{:/}

{::options toc_levels="2" /}

-   This text will be replaced by the TOC.
{:toc}

{::nomarkdown}
{% include_cached toc.html type="end" %}
{:/}

## Introduction {#intro}
{:.no_toc}

{::nomarkdown}
{% include box.html type="start" h="2" title="Quick links" class="full" %}
{:/}

-   [How to Meet WCAG 2.0 (Quick
    Reference)](http://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG20/quickref/)
-   [WCAG 2.0 Technical Standard](http://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG20/)
-   [WCAG 2.0 at a Glance](http://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG20/glance/)

{::nomarkdown}
{% include box.html type="end" %}
{:/}

Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) is developed through the
[W3C process](http://www.w3.org/WAI/intro/w3c-process.php) in
cooperation with individuals and organizations around the world, with a
goal of proving a single shared standard for web content accessibility
that meets the needs of individuals, organizations, and governments
internationally.

The WCAG documents explain how to make web content more accessible to
people with disabilities. Web "content" generally refers to the
information in a web page or web application, including:

-   natural information such as text, images, and sounds
-   code or markup that defines structure, presentation, etc.

## Who WCAG is for {#for}

WCAG is primarily intended for:

-   Web content developers (page authors, site designers, etc.)
-   Web authoring tool developers
-   Web accessibility evaluation tool developers
-   Others who want or need a standard for web accessibility

Related resources are intended to meet the needs of many different
people, including policy makers, managers, researchers, and others.

WCAG is a technical standard, not an introduction to accessibility. For
introductory material, see [Where should I start? in the
FAQ](http://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG20/wcag2faq.html#start).

## What is in WCAG 2.0 {#whatis2}

**[WCAG 2.0](/TR/WCAG20)** is a stable, referenceable technical
standard. It has 12 guidelines that are organized under [4 principles:
perceivable, operable, understandable, and
robust](http://www.w3.org/TR/UNDERSTANDING-WCAG20/intro.html#introduction-fourprincs-head).
For each guideline, there are testable *success criteria*, which are at
[three levels: A, AA, and
AAA](http://www.w3.org/TR/UNDERSTANDING-WCAG20/conformance.html#uc-levels-head).

For a short summary of the WCAG 2.0 guidelines, see [**WCAG 2.0 at a
Glance**](http://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG20/glance/).

To learn about web accessibility principles and guidelines, see
[**Accessibility
Principles**](http://www.w3.org/WAI/intro/people-use-web/principles).

The WCAG 2.0 supporting technical materials include:

-   [**How to Meet WCAG 2.0**: A customizable quick reference to Web
    Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.0 requirements (success criteria)
    and techniques](http://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG20/quickref/) is
    essentially the [WCAG 2.0
    checklist](http://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG20/quickref/){.novisuallink}.
    Most people use this quick references as the main resource for
    working with WCAG.
-   [**Techniques for WCAG 2.0**](/TR/WCAG20-TECHS/) gives you specific
    details on how to develop accessible Web content, such as HTML code
    examples. The techniques are "informative", that is, you do not have
    to use them. The basis for determining conformance to WCAG 2.0 is
    the *success criteria* from the WCAG 2.0 standard, not the
    techniques. Read more in [Techniques in the
    FAQ](http://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG20/wcag2faq#techs).
-   [**Understanding WCAG 2.0**](/TR/UNDERSTANDING-WCAG20/) has
    additional guidance on learning and implementing WCAG 2.0 for people
    who want to understand the guidelines and success criteria more
    thoroughly.

For more details on how these document are related and how they are
linked, see [**The WCAG 2.0
Documents**](http://www.w3.org/WAI/intro/wcag20).

### Technical document format

The WCAG, Techniques, and Understanding documents follow the W3C format
for technical reports, which has several sections at the beginning,
including links to different versions, editors, abstract, and status.

### Additional support material in progress {#related}

WAI is planning additional material to help web developers develop
accessible web content that conforms to WCAG 2.0. In 2012 we plan to
develop "Application Notes" (working title) to provide guidance for
specific topics, such as images, links, or tables. For example, an
Application Note on forms would start with simple examples and include
the WCAG 2.0 success criteria, techniques, and strategies for developing
accessible forms.

## WCAG 2.0 is ISO/IEC 40500 {#iso}

WCAG 2.0 is approved as an ISO standard: ISO/IEC 40500:2012. ISO/IEC
40500 is exactly the same as the original WCAG 2.0, which is introduced
above along with supporting resources.

The content of ISO/IEC 40500 is freely available from
[www.w3.org/TR/WCAG20](http://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG20/); it is available
for purchase from the [ISO
catalogue](http://www.iso.org/iso/iso_catalogue/catalogue_tc/catalogue_detail.htm?csnumber=58625).

Benefits of WCAG 2.0 as an ISO standard are summarized in [ISO in the
FAQ](http://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG20/wcag2faq#iso). More information on W3C
and the ISO process is in the [W3C PAS
FAQ](http://www.w3.org/2010/04/pasfaq).

## WCAG with other guidelines {#components}

WCAG is part of a series of accessibility guidelines, including the
Authoring Tool Accessibility Guidelines (ATAG) and the User Agent
Accessibility Guidelines (UAAG). [Essential Components of Web
Accessibility]({{ "/fundamentals/components/" | relative_url }}) explains the
relationship between the different guidelines.

# Who develops WCAG {#wg}

The WCAG technical documents are developed by the Web Content
Accessibility Guidelines Working Group ([WCAG WG](/WAI/GL/)), which is
part of the World Wide Web Consortium ([W3C](http://www.w3.org)) Web
Accessibility Initiative ([WAI](/WAI/)).

WAI updates Techniques for WCAG 2.0 and Understanding WCAG 2.0
periodically. We welcome
[comments](http://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG20/comments/) and [submission of
new techniques](http://www.w3.org/WAI/GL/WCAG20/TECHS-SUBMIT/).

Opportunities for contributing to WCAG and other WAI work are introduced
in [Participating in WAI](/WAI/participation).

## More Information {#more}

See the [WCAG 2 FAQ](http://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG20/wcag2faq) for more
information on:

-   [Translations](http://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG20/wcag2faq#languages) into
    other languages
-   WCAG 2.0 coverage of [mobile
    accessibility](http://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG20/wcag2faq#mobile)
-   WCAG 2.0 applicability to [non-W3C
    technologies](http://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG20/wcag2faq#othertechs)
-   How WCAG 2.0 is [different from WCAG
    1.0](http://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG20/wcag2faq#different)
-   and more...

Commit message:

+ supplemental guidance and fixes to match latest version

index.md, after:

---
title: Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) Overview
permalink: /standards-guidelines/wcag/
layout: default
github:
  repository: w3c/wai-intro-wcag
---

{::nomarkdown}
{% include_cached toc.html type="start" title="Page Contents" class="simple" %}
{:/}

{::options toc_levels="2" /}

-   This text will be replaced by the TOC.
{:toc}

{::nomarkdown}
{% include_cached toc.html type="end" %}
{:/}

## Introduction {#intro}
{:.no_toc}

{::nomarkdown}
{% include box.html type="start" h="2" title="Quick links" class="full" %}
{:/}

-   [How to Meet WCAG 2.0 (Quick
    Reference)](http://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG20/quickref/)
-   [WCAG 2.0 Technical Standard](http://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG20/)
-   [WCAG 2.0 at a Glance](http://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG20/glance/)

{::nomarkdown}
{% include box.html type="end" %}
{:/}

Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) is developed through the
[W3C process](http://www.w3.org/WAI/intro/w3c-process.php) in
cooperation with individuals and organizations around the world, with a
goal of providing a single shared standard for web content accessibility
that meets the needs of individuals, organizations, and governments
internationally.

The WCAG documents explain how to make web content more accessible to
people with disabilities. Web "content" generally refers to the
information in a web page or web application, including:

-   natural information such as text, images, and sounds
-   code or markup that defines structure, presentation, etc.

## Who WCAG is for {#for}

WCAG is primarily intended for:

-   Web content developers (page authors, site designers, etc.)
-   Web authoring tool developers
-   Web accessibility evaluation tool developers
-   Others who want or need a standard for web accessibility, including for mobile accessibility

Related resources are intended to meet the needs of many different
people, including policy makers, managers, researchers, and others.

WCAG is a technical standard, not an introduction to accessibility. For
introductory material, see [Where should I start? in the
FAQ](http://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG20/wcag2faq.html#start).

## What is in the WCAG 2.0 Documents {#whatis2}

**[WCAG 2.0](/TR/WCAG20)** is a stable, referenceable technical
standard. It has 12 guidelines that are organized under [4 principles:
perceivable, operable, understandable, and
robust](http://www.w3.org/TR/UNDERSTANDING-WCAG20/intro.html#introduction-fourprincs-head).
For each guideline, there are testable *success criteria*, which are at
[three levels: A, AA, and
AAA](http://www.w3.org/TR/UNDERSTANDING-WCAG20/conformance.html#uc-levels-head).

For a short summary of the WCAG 2.0 guidelines, see [**WCAG 2.0 at a
Glance**](http://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG20/glance/).

To learn about web accessibility principles and guidelines, see
[**Accessibility
Principles**](http://www.w3.org/WAI/intro/people-use-web/principles).

The WCAG 2.0 supporting technical materials include:

-   [**How to Meet WCAG 2.0**: A customizable quick reference to Web
    Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.0 requirements (success criteria)
    and techniques](http://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG20/quickref/) is
    essentially the [WCAG 2.0
    checklist](http://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG20/quickref/){.novisuallink}.
    Most people use this quick references as the main resource for
    working with WCAG.
-   [**Techniques for WCAG 2.0**](/TR/WCAG20-TECHS/) gives you specific
    details on how to develop accessible Web content, such as HTML code
    examples. The techniques are "informative", that is, you do not have
    to use them. The basis for determining conformance to WCAG 2.0 is
    the *success criteria* from the WCAG 2.0 standard, not the
    techniques. Read more in [Techniques in the
    FAQ](http://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG20/wcag2faq#techs).
-   [**Understanding WCAG 2.0**](/TR/UNDERSTANDING-WCAG20/) has
    additional guidance on learning and implementing WCAG 2.0 for people
    who want to understand the guidelines and success criteria more
    thoroughly.

For more details on how these document are related and how they are
linked, see [**The WCAG 2.0
Documents**](http://www.w3.org/WAI/intro/wcag20).

### Translations

Authorized Translations and unofficial translations of WCAG 2.0 are listed in [WCAG 2.0 Translations](http://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG20/translations.html).

### Technical document format

The WCAG, Techniques, and Understanding documents follow the W3C format
for technical reports, which has several sections at the beginning,
including links to different versions, editors, abstract, and status.

### Supplemental guidance {#supplement}

Supplement guidance provides additional information on making the web more accessible. It goes beyond what is covered in WCAG 2.0 and 2.1. Links to supplemental guidance will be  added to this section in April 2018.

## WCAG 2.0 is ISO/IEC 40500 {#iso}

WCAG 2.0 is approved as an ISO standard: ISO/IEC 40500:2012. ISO/IEC
40500 is exactly the same as the original WCAG 2.0, which is introduced
above along with supporting resources.

The content of ISO/IEC 40500 is freely available from
[www.w3.org/TR/WCAG20](http://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG20/); it is available
for purchase from the [ISO
catalogue](http://www.iso.org/iso/iso_catalogue/catalogue_tc/catalogue_detail.htm?csnumber=58625).

Benefits of WCAG 2.0 as an ISO standard are summarized in [ISO in the
FAQ](http://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG20/wcag2faq#iso). More information on W3C
and the ISO process is in the [W3C PAS
FAQ](http://www.w3.org/2010/04/pasfaq).

## WCAG 2.1 and other guidelines {#components}

**WCAG 2.1 is currently in development and is scheduled to be published as a standard in June 2018. See [What about WCAG 2.1?](http://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG20/wcag2faq#v21) in the WCAG 2 FAQ for more information.**

WCAG is part of a series of accessibility guidelines, including the
Authoring Tool Accessibility Guidelines (ATAG) and the User Agent
Accessibility Guidelines (UAAG). [Essential Components of Web
Accessibility]({{ "/fundamentals/components/" | relative_url }}) explains the
relationship between the different guidelines.

# Who develops WCAG {#wg}

The WCAG technical documents are developed by the Accessibility Guidelines Working Group ([AG WG](/WAI/GL/)) *(formerly the Web Content
Accessibility Guidelines Working Group)*, which is
part of the World Wide Web Consortium ([W3C](http://www.w3.org)) Web
Accessibility Initiative ([WAI](/WAI/)).

WAI updates Techniques for WCAG 2.0 and Understanding WCAG 2.0
periodically. We welcome
[comments](http://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG20/comments/) and [submission of
new techniques](http://www.w3.org/WAI/GL/WCAG20/TECHS-SUBMIT/).

Opportunities for contributing to WCAG and other WAI work are introduced
in [Participating in WAI](/WAI/participation).

## More Information {#more}

See the [WCAG 2 FAQ](http://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG20/wcag2faq) for more
information on:

-   **[Translations](http://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG20/wcag2faq#languages) into
    other languages**
-   **WCAG 2.0 coverage of [mobile
    accessibility](http://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG20/wcag2faq#mobile)**
-   **WCAG 2.0 applicability to [non-W3C
    technologies](http://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG20/wcag2faq#othertechs)**
-   **How WCAG 2.0 is [different from WCAG
    1.0](http://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG20/wcag2faq#different)**
-   and more...
