non-web-ict.md, before:

---
title: WCAG2ICT Overview
permalink: /standards-guidelines/wcag/non-web-ict/
layout: default
github:
  repository: w3c/wai-intro-wcag
  path: 'non-web-ict.md'
description: "Introduces the document: “Guidance on Applying WCAG 2.0 to Non-Web Information and Communications Technologies (WCAG2ICT)”."
image: /content-images/wai-intro-wcag/general-social.jpg
footer: >
  <p><strong>Date:</strong> Updated 24 May 2018.</p>
  <p><strong>Editors:</strong> <a href="https://www.w3.org/People/Shawn/">Shawn Lawton Henry</a> and <a href="https://www.w3.org/People/Brewer/">Judy Brewer</a>.</p>
  <p>Developed with input from the <a href="http://www.w3.org/WAI/GL/WCAG2ICT-TF/">WCAG2ICT Task Force</a> and the Education and Outreach Working Group (<a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/about/groups/eowg/">EOWG</a>).</p>
---

{::nomarkdown}
{% include box.html type="start" h="2" title="Summary" class="full" %}
{:/}

This page introduces the document: "Guidance on Applying WCAG 2.0 to Non-Web Information and Communications Technologies (WCAG2ICT)".

Quick link: [WCAG2ICT Note](http://www.w3.org/TR/wcag2ict/)

{::nomarkdown}
{% include box.html type="end" %}
{:/}

{::nomarkdown}
{% include_cached toc.html type="start" title="Page Contents" class="simple" %}
{:/}

{::options toc_levels="2" /}

-   This text will be replaced by the TOC.
{:toc}

{::nomarkdown}
{% include_cached toc.html type="end" %}
{:/}

## Introduction {#intro}

[Guidance on Applying WCAG 2.0 to Non-Web Information and Communications
Technologies (WCAG2ICT)](http://www.w3.org/TR/wcag2ict/) describes how
the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.0 can be applied to
non-web information and communications technologies (ICT). It supports
harmonized accessibility solutions across a range of technologies.

*Background:* **WCAG 2.0** is a normative web standard — it is a W3C
Recommendation and an ISO International Standard ([ISO/IEC
40500:2012](http://www.w3.org/QA/2012/10/wcag_20_is_now_also_isoiec_405.html))
— that explains how to make web content (including static web pages,
dynamic web applications, etc.) more accessible to people with
disabilities. The [WCAG Overview](http://www.w3.org/wai/intro/wcag)
introduces the WCAG documents and links to supporting resources such as
[WCAG 2.0 at a Glance](https://www.w3.org/WAI/standards-guidelines/wcag/20/glance/) and [How to
Meet WCAG 2 (Quick Reference)](http://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG20/quickref/).

*This document:* **WCAG2ICT** is a W3C Working Group Note that is
informative — it is not normative and does not set requirements. It
provides guidance on the application of WCAG 2.0 principles, guidelines,
and success criteria to non-web documents and software. WCAG2ICT was
developed to provide an authoritative interpretation of how WCAG 2.0 can
apply in different contexts. For information on the scope of WCAG2ICT,
see the [WCAG2ICT Introduction](http://www.w3.org/TR/wcag2ict/#intro).

*Note:* **WCAG2ICT is still relevant for later versions of WCAG 2**. For example, WCAG 2.1 does not change the requirements of WCAG 2.0 that are addressed in WCAG2ICT; WCAG 2.1 adds additional requirements. W3C is currently not planning to update WCAG2ICT to add the additional requirements from future versions of WCAG 2.

## Who WCAG2ICT is for {#for}

WCAG2ICT is for ICT managers, ICT developers, policy makers, and others
wanting to understand how WCAG 2.0 can be applied to non-web documents
and software.

## What is in WCAG2ICT {#whatis}

WCAG2ICT provides:

-   **Overall context** for applying WCAG 2.0 to non-web documents and
    software.
-   **Guidance on applying the WCAG principles, guidelines, and Levels A
    and AA success criteria** to non-web documents and software.
-   **Key Terms** related to applying WCAG 2.0 to non-web documents and
    software.
-   **Comments on the definitions** in the WCAG 2.0 Glossary.
-   **Comments on conformance**.
-   **Background information** on some topics.

WCAG2ICT includes material from the WCAG 2.0 standard to provide
context, along with specific guidance related to non-web ICT, formatted
as follows:

-   **WCAG 2.0 principles, guidelines, and success criteria** — the
    exact text from the WCAG 2.0 standard. *These are visually styled in
    pale yellow boxes and usually prefaced with "Principle...", "From
    Guideline...", or "From Success Criterion..".*
-   **Excerpted text from the "Intent" sections of Understanding WCAG
    2.0**, an informative supporting document. *These are visually
    styled in pale yellow boxes and prefaced with "Intent from
    Understanding Success Criterion...".*
-   **Guidance on applying each success criteria to non-web documents
    and software**. *These are visually styled in pale blue boxes with a
    heading on a dark blue background that starts with "Additional
    Guidance...".*

### Technical document format

WCAG2ICT follows the [W3C](http://www.w3.org) format for technical
reports, which has several sections at the beginning, including links to
different versions, editors, abstract, and status.

## Who develops WCAG2ICT {#wg}

WCAG2ICT was developed by the [WCAG2ICT Task
Force](http://www.w3.org/WAI/GL/WCAG2ICT-TF/), provided for public
review, and approved by the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines Working
Group ([WCAG WG](http://www.w3.org/WAI/GL/)), which is part of the World
Wide Web Consortium ([W3C](http://www.w3.org/)) Web Accessibility
Initiative ([WAI](http://www.w3.org/WAI/)).

### Comments

WCAG2ICT is now a stable W3C Working Group Note, and the WCAG Working
Group does not plan to make changes. However, the document can be
updated if needed. If you have any comments on the Additional Guidance
sections of WCAG2ICT, please send them to the public mailing list
<public-wcag2ict-comments@w3.org>.

If you have comments on the wording taken from WCAG 2.0 or Understanding
WCAG 2.0, please read the [Instructions for Commenting on WCAG 2.0
Documents](http://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG20/comments/).

Commit message:

external links and different view icons
Mark things that look different or are external

Signed-off-by: Eric Eggert <mail@yatil.net>

non-web-ict.md, after:

---
title: WCAG2ICT Overview
permalink: /standards-guidelines/wcag/non-web-ict/
layout: default
github:
  repository: w3c/wai-intro-wcag
  path: 'non-web-ict.md'
description: "Introduces the document: “Guidance on Applying WCAG 2.0 to Non-Web Information and Communications Technologies (WCAG2ICT)”."
image: /content-images/wai-intro-wcag/general-social.jpg
footer: >
  <p><strong>Date:</strong> Updated 24 May 2018.</p>
  <p><strong>Editors:</strong> <a href="https://www.w3.org/People/Shawn/">Shawn Lawton Henry</a> and <a href="https://www.w3.org/People/Brewer/">Judy Brewer</a>.</p>
  <p>Developed with input from the <a href="http://www.w3.org/WAI/GL/WCAG2ICT-TF/">WCAG2ICT Task Force</a> and the Education and Outreach Working Group (<a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/about/groups/eowg/">EOWG</a>).</p>
---

{::nomarkdown}
{% include box.html type="start" h="2" title="Summary" class="full" %}
{:/}

This page introduces the document: "Guidance on Applying WCAG 2.0 to Non-Web Information and Communications Technologies (WCAG2ICT)".

Quick link: [WCAG2ICT Note {% include_cached different.html %}](http://www.w3.org/TR/wcag2ict/)

{::nomarkdown}
{% include box.html type="end" %}
{:/}

{::nomarkdown}
{% include_cached toc.html type="start" title="Page Contents" class="simple" %}
{:/}

{::options toc_levels="2" /}

-   This text will be replaced by the TOC.
{:toc}

{::nomarkdown}
{% include_cached toc.html type="end" %}
{:/}

## Introduction {#intro}

[Guidance on Applying WCAG 2.0 to Non-Web Information and Communications Technologies (WCAG2ICT) {% include_cached different.html %}](http://www.w3.org/TR/wcag2ict/) describes how the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.0 can be applied to non-web information and communications technologies (ICT). It supports harmonized accessibility solutions across a range of technologies.

*Background:* **WCAG 2.0** is a normative web standard — it is a W3C
Recommendation and an ISO International Standard ([ISO/IEC
40500:2012 {% include_cached different.html %}](http://www.w3.org/QA/2012/10/wcag_20_is_now_also_isoiec_405.html))
— that explains how to make web content (including static web pages,
dynamic web applications, etc.) more accessible to people with
disabilities. The [WCAG Overview](http://www.w3.org/wai/intro/wcag)
introduces the WCAG documents and links to supporting resources such as
[WCAG 2.0 at a Glance](https://www.w3.org/WAI/standards-guidelines/wcag/20/glance/) and [How to
Meet WCAG 2 (Quick Reference) {% include_cached different.html %}](http://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG20/quickref/).

*This document:* **WCAG2ICT** is a W3C Working Group Note that is
informative — it is not normative and does not set requirements. It
provides guidance on the application of WCAG 2.0 principles, guidelines,
and success criteria to non-web documents and software. WCAG2ICT was
developed to provide an authoritative interpretation of how WCAG 2.0 can
apply in different contexts. For information on the scope of WCAG2ICT,
see the [WCAG2ICT Introduction {% include_cached different.html %}](http://www.w3.org/TR/wcag2ict/#intro).

*Note:* **WCAG2ICT is still relevant for later versions of WCAG 2**. For example, WCAG 2.1 does not change the requirements of WCAG 2.0 that are addressed in WCAG2ICT; WCAG 2.1 adds additional requirements. W3C is currently not planning to update WCAG2ICT to add the additional requirements from future versions of WCAG 2.

## Who WCAG2ICT is for {#for}

WCAG2ICT is for ICT managers, ICT developers, policy makers, and others
wanting to understand how WCAG 2.0 can be applied to non-web documents
and software.

## What is in WCAG2ICT {#whatis}

WCAG2ICT provides:

-   **Overall context** for applying WCAG 2.0 to non-web documents and
    software.
-   **Guidance on applying the WCAG principles, guidelines, and Levels A
    and AA success criteria** to non-web documents and software.
-   **Key Terms** related to applying WCAG 2.0 to non-web documents and
    software.
-   **Comments on the definitions** in the WCAG 2.0 Glossary.
-   **Comments on conformance**.
-   **Background information** on some topics.

WCAG2ICT includes material from the WCAG 2.0 standard to provide
context, along with specific guidance related to non-web ICT, formatted
as follows:

-   **WCAG 2.0 principles, guidelines, and success criteria** — the
    exact text from the WCAG 2.0 standard. *These are visually styled in
    pale yellow boxes and usually prefaced with "Principle...", "From
    Guideline...", or "From Success Criterion..".*
-   **Excerpted text from the "Intent" sections of Understanding WCAG
    2.0**, an informative supporting document. *These are visually
    styled in pale yellow boxes and prefaced with "Intent from
    Understanding Success Criterion...".*
-   **Guidance on applying each success criteria to non-web documents
    and software**. *These are visually styled in pale blue boxes with a
    heading on a dark blue background that starts with "Additional
    Guidance...".*

### Technical document format

WCAG2ICT follows the [W3C {% include_cached different.html %}](http://www.w3.org) format for technical
reports, which has several sections at the beginning, including links to
different versions, editors, abstract, and status.

## Who develops WCAG2ICT {#wg}

WCAG2ICT was developed by the [WCAG2ICT Task Force {% include_cached different.html %}](http://www.w3.org/WAI/GL/WCAG2ICT-TF/), provided for public review, and approved by the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines Working Group ([WCAG WG](http://www.w3.org/WAI/GL/)), which is part of the World Wide Web Consortium ([W3C {% include_cached different.html %}](http://www.w3.org/)) Web Accessibility Initiative ([WAI](http://www.w3.org/WAI/)).

### Comments

WCAG2ICT is now a stable W3C Working Group Note, and the WCAG Working
Group does not plan to make changes. However, the document can be
updated if needed. If you have any comments on the Additional Guidance
sections of WCAG2ICT, please send them to the public mailing list
<public-wcag2ict-comments@w3.org>.

If you have comments on the wording taken from WCAG 2.0 or Understanding
WCAG 2.0, please read the [Instructions for Commenting on WCAG 2.0
Documents](http://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG20/comments/).
