content/conformance-logos.md, before:

---
# Translation info https://www.w3.org/wiki/WAI/Website/Translate

title: "Adding WCAG Conformance Logos"
nav_title: "Conformance Logos"

description: W3C WAI provides conformance logos for websites that meet Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.

lang: en
last_updated: 2020-09-09
permalink: /standards-guidelines/wcag/conformance-logos/

github:
  repository: w3c/wai-intro-wcag
  path: 'content/conformance-logos.md'

image: /content-images/wai-intro-wcag/conformance-logos-social.jpg
footer: >
  <p><strong>Date:</strong> Updated 9 September 2020.</p>
  <p><strong>Editor:</strong> <a href="http://www.w3.org/People/Shawn">Shawn Lawton Henry</a>.
  <p>Developed with input from the Accessibility Education and Outreach Working Group (<a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/about/groups/eowg/">EOWG</a>) and the Accessibility Guidelines Working Group (<a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/about/groups/agwg/">AG WG</a>).</p>
ref: /standards-guidelines/wcag/conformance-logos/
---

{::nomarkdown}
{% include box.html type="start" h="2" title="Summary" class="full" %}
{:/}

This page provides information about conformance logos for WCAG 2.

{::nomarkdown}
{% include box.html type="end" %}
{:/}

{::nomarkdown}
{% include_cached toc.html type="start" title="Page Contents" class="simple" %}
{:/}

{::options toc_levels="2" /}

-   This text will be replaced by the TOC.
{:toc}
{::nomarkdown}
{% include_cached toc.html type="end" %}
{:/}

W3C provides conformance logos for [Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2]( https://www.w3.org/WAI/standards-guidelines/wcag/). Content providers can use these logos on their sites to indicate a claim of conformance to a specified conformance level of WCAG.

**Note that these logos do not represent review or validation of conformance by W3C and/or WAI.**

Conformance to WCAG 2 is defined in the [Conformance section](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG/#conformance) of WCAG. Here is the excerpt that defines the conformance levels:

* For Level A conformance (the minimum level of conformance), the Web page satisfies all the Level A Success Criteria, or a conforming alternate version is provided.
* For Level AA conformance, the Web page satisfies *all the Level A and Level AA Success Criteria*, or a Level AA conforming alternate version is provided.
* For Level AAA conformance, the Web page satisfies *all the Level A, Level AA and Level AAA Success Criteria*, or a Level AAA conforming alternate version is provided.

Please see [WCAG 2 Conformance section](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG/#conformance) for more information on what is required in a conformance claim.

## How to use the logos {#howto}

Place the icon for the appropriate conformance level using the HTML source code below.

### WCAG 2.1

#### WCAG 2.1 Level A Conformance

Put the following HTML markup in your page:

```html
<a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG2A-Conformance"
   title="Explanation of WCAG 2 Level A Conformance">
  <img height="32" width="88"
       src="https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/wcag2.1A-v"
       alt="Level A conformance,
            W3C WAI Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.1">
</a>
```

If you would like to use the blue logo, append "-blue" to the image src.

#### WCAG 2.1 Level AA Conformance

Put the following HTML markup in your page:

```html
<a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG2AA-Conformance"
   title="Explanation of WCAG 2 Level AA conformance">
  <img height="32" width="88"
       src="https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/wcag2.1AA-v"
       alt="Level AA conformance,
            W3C WAI Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.1">
</a>
```

If you would like to use the blue logo, append "-blue" to the image src.

#### WCAG 2.1 Level AAA Conformance

Put the following HTML markup in your page:

```html
<a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG2AAA-Conformance"
   title="Explanation of WCAG 2 Level AAA conformance">
  <img height="32" width="88"
       src="https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/wcag2.1AAA-v"
       alt="Level AAA conformance,
            W3C WAI Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.1">
</a>
```

If you would like to use the blue logo, append "-blue" to the image src.

### WCAG 2.0

#### WCAG 2.0 Level A Conformance

Put the following HTML markup in your page:

```html
<a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG2A-Conformance"
   title="Explanation of WCAG 2 Level A Conformance">
  <img height="32" width="88"
       src="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2A"
       alt="Level A conformance,
            W3C WAI Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.0">
</a>
```

If you would like to use the blue logo, append "-blue" to the image src.

#### WCAG 2.0 Level AA Conformance

Put the following HTML markup in your page:

```html
<a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG2AA-Conformance"
   title="Explanation of WCAG 2 Level AA conformance">
  <img height="32" width="88"
       src="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2AA"
       alt="Level AA conformance,
            W3C WAI Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.0">
</a>
```

If you would like to use the blue logo, append "-blue" to the image src.

#### WCAG 2.0 Level AAA Conformance

Put the following HTML markup in your page:

```html
<a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG2AAA-Conformance"
   title="Explanation of WCAG 2 Level AAA conformance">
  <img height="32" width="88"
       src="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2AAA"
       alt="Level AAA conformance,
            W3C WAI Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.0">
</a>
```

If you would like to use the blue logo, append "-blue" to the image src.

## Logos

Below are the logos as they will appear in your site.

You may also choose to download and use local copies of the logos, using the links provided for each logo. You will have to adjust the HTML accordingly, and please use the same alternative text and link for the logo.


### WCAG 2.1 Logos
<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>&nbsp;</th>
      <th scope="col">A</th>
      <th scope="col">AA</th>
      <th scope="col">AAA</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">Gold</th>
      <td><img src="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag21/wcag2.1A-v.png" alt="Level A conformance icon, W3C-WAI Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.1" width="88" height="31" /><br />
        (<a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag21/wcag2.1A-v.png" title="PNG version of WCAG 2.1 Level A conformance icon">png</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag21/wcag2.1A-v.gif" title="GIF version of WCAG 2.1 Level A conformance icon">gif</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag21/wcag2.1A-v.svg" title="SVG version of WCAG 2.1 Level A conformance icon">svg</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag21/wcag2.1A-v.eps" title="EPS version of WCAG 2.1 Level A conformance icon">eps</a>)</td>
      <td><img src="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag21/wcag2.1AA-v.png" alt="Level AA conformance icon, W3C-WAI Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.1" width="88" height="31" /><br />
        (<a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag21/wcag2.1AA-v.png" title="PNG version of WCAG 2.1 Level AA conformance icon">png</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag21/wcag2.1AA-v.gif" title="GIF version of WCAG 2.1 Level AA conformance icon">gif</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag21/wcag2.1AA-v.svg" title="SVG version of WCAG 2.1 Level AA conformance icon">svg</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag21/wcag2.1AA-v.eps" title="EPS version of WCAG 2.1 Level AA conformance icon">eps</a>)</td>
      <td><img src="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag21/wcag2.1AAA-v.png" alt="Level AAA conformance icon, W3C-WAI Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.1" width="88" height="31" /><br />
        (<a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag21/wcag2.1AAA-v.png" title="PNG version of WCAG 2.1 Level AAA conformance icon">png</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag21/wcag2.1AAA-v.gif" title="GIF version of WCAG 2.1 Level AAA conformance icon">gif</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag21/wcag2.1AAA-v.svg" title="SVG version of WCAG 2.1 Level AAA conformance icon">svg</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag21/wcag2.1AAA-v.eps" title="EPS version of WCAG 2.1 Level AAA conformance icon">eps</a>)</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">Blue</th>
      <td><img src="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag21/wcag2.1A-blue-v.png" alt="Level A conformance icon, W3C-WAI Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.1 (blue)" width="88" height="31" /><br />
        (<a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag21/wcag2.1A-blue-v.png" title="PNG version of WCAG 2.1 Level A conformance icon (blue)">png</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag21/wcag2.1A-blue-v.gif" title="GIF version of WCAG 2.1 Level A conformance icon (blue)">gif</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag21/wcag2.1A-blue-v.svg" title="SVG version of WCAG 2.1 Level A conformance icon (blue)">svg</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag21/wcag2.1A-blue-v.eps" title="EPS version of WCAG 2.1 Level A conformance icon (blue)">eps</a>)</td>
      <td><img src="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag21/wcag2.1AA-blue-v.png" alt="WCAG 2.1 AA (blue)" width="88" height="31" /><br />
        (<a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag21/wcag2.1AA-blue-v.png" title="PNG version of WCAG 2.1 Level AA conformance icon (blue)">png</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag21/wcag2.1AA-blue-v.gif" title="GIF version of WCAG 2.1 Level AA conformance icon (blue)">gif</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag21/wcag2.1AA-blue-v.svg" title="SVG version of WCAG 2.1 Level AA conformance icon (blue)">svg</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag21/wcag2.1AA-blue-v.eps" title="EPS version of WCAG 2.1 Level AA conformance icon (blue)">eps</a>)</td>
      <td><img src="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag21/wcag2.1AAA-blue-v.png" alt="Level AAA conformance icon, W3C-WAI Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.1 (blue)" width="88" height="31" /><br />
        (<a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag21/wcag2.1AAA-blue-v.png" title="PNG version of WCAG 2.1 Level AAA conformance icon (blue)">png</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag21/wcag2.1AAA-blue-v.gif" title="GIF version of WCAG 2.1 Level AAA conformance icon (blue)">gif</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag21/wcag2.1AAA-blue-v.svg" title="SVG version of WCAG 2.1 Level AAA conformance icon (blue)">svg</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag21/wcag2.1AAA-blue-v.eps" title="EPS version of WCAG 2.1 Level AAA conformance icon (blue)">eps</a>)</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
### WCAG 2.0 Logos

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>&nbsp;</th>
      <th scope="col">A</th>
      <th scope="col">AA</th>
      <th scope="col">AAA</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">Gold</th>
      <td><img src="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2A" alt="Level A conformance icon, W3C-WAI Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.0" width="88" height="31" /><br />
        (<a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2A.png" title="PNG version of WCAG 2.0 Level A conformance icon">png</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2A.gif" title="GIF version of WCAG 2.0 Level A conformance icon">gif</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2A-v.svg" title="SVG version of WCAG 2.0 Level A conformance icon">svg</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2A-v.eps" title="EPS version of WCAG 2.0 Level A conformance icon">eps</a>)</td>
      <td><img src="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2AA" alt="Level AA conformance icon, W3C-WAI Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.0" width="88" height="31" /><br />
        (<a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2AA.png" title="PNG version of WCAG 2.0 Level AA conformance icon">png</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2AA.gif" title="GIF version of WCAG 2.0 Level AA conformance icon">gif</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2AA-v.svg" title="SVG version of WCAG 2.0 Level AA conformance icon">svg</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2AA-v.eps" title="EPS version of WCAG 2.0 Level AA conformance icon">eps</a>)</td>
      <td><img src="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2AAA" alt="Level AAA conformance icon, W3C-WAI Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.0" width="88" height="31" /><br />
        (<a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2AAA.png" title="PNG version of WCAG 2.0 Level AAA conformance icon">png</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2AAA.gif" title="GIF version of WCAG 2.0 Level AAA conformance icon">gif</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2AAA-v.svg" title="SVG version of WCAG 2.0 Level AAA conformance icon">svg</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2AAA-v.eps" title="EPS version of WCAG 2.0 Level AAA conformance icon">eps</a>)</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">Blue</th>
      <td><img src="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2A-blue" alt="Level A conformance icon, W3C-WAI Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.0 (blue)" width="88" height="31" /><br />
        (<a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2A-blue.png" title="PNG version of WCAG 2.0 Level A conformance icon (blue)">png</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2A-blue.gif" title="GIF version of WCAG 2.0 Level A conformance icon (blue)">gif</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2A-blue-v.svg" title="SVG version of WCAG 2.0 Level A conformance icon (blue)">svg</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2A-blue-v.eps" title="EPS version of WCAG 2.0 Level A conformance icon (blue)">eps</a>)</td>
      <td><img src="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2AA-blue" alt="WCAG 2.0 AA (blue)" width="88" height="31" /><br />
        (<a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2AA-blue.png" title="PNG version of WCAG 2.0 Level AA conformance icon (blue)">png</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2AA-blue.gif" title="GIF version of WCAG 2.0 Level AA conformance icon (blue)">gif</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2AA-blue-v.svg" title="SVG version of WCAG 2.0 Level AA conformance icon (blue)">svg</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2AA-blue-v.eps" title="EPS version of WCAG 2.0 Level AA conformance icon (blue)">eps</a>)</td>
      <td><img src="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2AAA-blue" alt="Level AAA conformance icon, W3C-WAI Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.0 (blue)" width="88" height="31" /><br />
        (<a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2AAA-blue.png" title="PNG version of WCAG 2.0 Level AAA conformance icon (blue)">png</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2AAA-blue.gif" title="GIF version of WCAG 2.0 Level AAA conformance icon (blue)">gif</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2AAA-blue-v.svg" title="SVG version of WCAG 2.0 Level AAA conformance icon (blue)">svg</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2AAA-blue-v.eps" title="EPS version of WCAG 2.0 Level AAA conformance icon (blue)">eps</a>)</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

## Responsibility for accuracy of claims {#responsibility}

Content providers are solely responsible for the use of these logos. Before using these logos as part of a conformance claim, we recommend that the provider understand [Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2](https://www.w3.org/WAI/standards-guidelines/wcag/) and sufficiently [evaluate accessibility](https://www.w3.org/WAI/test-evaluate/conformance/) to ensure that pages using this logo meet the conformance level claimed. Providers should also ensure that anyone maintaining or updating the site is familiar with WCAG and the logo use, and either re-reviews the page or removes the logo from the page if they are unsure whether it still meets a specified conformance level.

**Please note that use of this logo is not based on an automated test.** No tool alone can determine if a page conforms to WCAG requirements. Sometimes evaluation tools can produce false or misleading results. Knowledgeable human evaluation is required to determine if a page is accessible. For these reasons, the logos on this page are used to indicate only a claim of conformance made by thorough evaluation, _not only tool evaluation_.

## Scope of the claim {#scope}

By default, a conformance icon refers to a single page. If the claim is meant to apply to include more than one page, the conformance icon must be accompanied by explicit scope information explaining which pages are covered by the claim.

Commit message:

added info about blue and gold colors
The blue and gold colors do not indicate any difference. We offer the two options for flexibility with your visual design.

content/conformance-logos.md, after:

---
# Translation info https://www.w3.org/wiki/WAI/Website/Translate

title: "Adding WCAG Conformance Logos"
nav_title: "Conformance Logos"

description: W3C WAI provides conformance logos for websites that meet Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.

lang: en
last_updated: 2020-10-15
permalink: /standards-guidelines/wcag/conformance-logos/

github:
  repository: w3c/wai-intro-wcag
  path: 'content/conformance-logos.md'

image: /content-images/wai-intro-wcag/conformance-logos-social.jpg
footer: >
  <p><strong>Date:</strong> Updated 15 October 2020.</p>
  <p><strong>Editor:</strong> <a href="http://www.w3.org/People/Shawn">Shawn Lawton Henry</a>.
  <p>Developed with input from the Accessibility Education and Outreach Working Group (<a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/about/groups/eowg/">EOWG</a>) and the Accessibility Guidelines Working Group (<a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/about/groups/agwg/">AG WG</a>).</p>
ref: /standards-guidelines/wcag/conformance-logos/
---

{::nomarkdown}
{% include box.html type="start" h="2" title="Summary" class="full" %}
{:/}

This page provides information about conformance logos for WCAG 2.

{::nomarkdown}
{% include box.html type="end" %}
{:/}

{::nomarkdown}
{% include_cached toc.html type="start" title="Page Contents" class="simple" %}
{:/}

{::options toc_levels="2" /}

-   This text will be replaced by the TOC.
{:toc}
{::nomarkdown}
{% include_cached toc.html type="end" %}
{:/}

W3C provides conformance logos for [Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2]( https://www.w3.org/WAI/standards-guidelines/wcag/). Content providers can use these logos on their sites to indicate a claim of conformance to a specified conformance level of WCAG.

**Note that these logos do not represent review or validation of conformance by W3C and/or WAI.**

Conformance to WCAG 2 is defined in the [Conformance section](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG/#conformance) of WCAG. Here is the excerpt that defines the conformance levels:

* For Level A conformance (the minimum level of conformance), the Web page satisfies all the Level A Success Criteria, or a conforming alternate version is provided.
* For Level AA conformance, the Web page satisfies *all the Level A and Level AA Success Criteria*, or a Level AA conforming alternate version is provided.
* For Level AAA conformance, the Web page satisfies *all the Level A, Level AA and Level AAA Success Criteria*, or a Level AAA conforming alternate version is provided.

Please see [WCAG 2 Conformance section](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG/#conformance) for more information on what is required in a conformance claim.

## How to use the logos {#howto}

Place the icon for the appropriate conformance level using the HTML source code below.

### WCAG 2.1

#### WCAG 2.1 Level A Conformance

Put the following HTML markup in your page:

```html
<a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG2A-Conformance"
   title="Explanation of WCAG 2 Level A Conformance">
  <img height="32" width="88"
       src="https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/wcag2.1A-v"
       alt="Level A conformance,
            W3C WAI Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.1">
</a>
```

If you would like to use the blue logo, append "-blue" to the image src.

#### WCAG 2.1 Level AA Conformance

Put the following HTML markup in your page:

```html
<a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG2AA-Conformance"
   title="Explanation of WCAG 2 Level AA conformance">
  <img height="32" width="88"
       src="https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/wcag2.1AA-v"
       alt="Level AA conformance,
            W3C WAI Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.1">
</a>
```

If you would like to use the blue logo, append "-blue" to the image src.

#### WCAG 2.1 Level AAA Conformance

Put the following HTML markup in your page:

```html
<a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG2AAA-Conformance"
   title="Explanation of WCAG 2 Level AAA conformance">
  <img height="32" width="88"
       src="https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/wcag2.1AAA-v"
       alt="Level AAA conformance,
            W3C WAI Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.1">
</a>
```

If you would like to use the blue logo, append "-blue" to the image src.

### WCAG 2.0

#### WCAG 2.0 Level A Conformance

Put the following HTML markup in your page:

```html
<a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG2A-Conformance"
   title="Explanation of WCAG 2 Level A Conformance">
  <img height="32" width="88"
       src="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2A"
       alt="Level A conformance,
            W3C WAI Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.0">
</a>
```

If you would like to use the blue logo, append "-blue" to the image src.

#### WCAG 2.0 Level AA Conformance

Put the following HTML markup in your page:

```html
<a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG2AA-Conformance"
   title="Explanation of WCAG 2 Level AA conformance">
  <img height="32" width="88"
       src="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2AA"
       alt="Level AA conformance,
            W3C WAI Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.0">
</a>
```

If you would like to use the blue logo, append "-blue" to the image src.

#### WCAG 2.0 Level AAA Conformance

Put the following HTML markup in your page:

```html
<a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG2AAA-Conformance"
   title="Explanation of WCAG 2 Level AAA conformance">
  <img height="32" width="88"
       src="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2AAA"
       alt="Level AAA conformance,
            W3C WAI Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.0">
</a>
```

If you would like to use the blue logo, append "-blue" to the image src.

## Logos

The blue and gold colors do not indicate any difference. We offer the two options for flexibility with your visual design.

Below are the logos as they will appear in your site.

You may also choose to download and use local copies of the logos, using the links provided for each logo. You will have to adjust the HTML accordingly, and please use the same alternative text and link for the logo.


### WCAG 2.1 Logos
<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>&nbsp;</th>
      <th scope="col">A</th>
      <th scope="col">AA</th>
      <th scope="col">AAA</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">Gold</th>
      <td><img src="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag21/wcag2.1A-v.png" alt="Level A conformance icon, W3C-WAI Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.1" width="88" height="31" /><br />
        (<a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag21/wcag2.1A-v.png" title="PNG version of WCAG 2.1 Level A conformance icon">png</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag21/wcag2.1A-v.gif" title="GIF version of WCAG 2.1 Level A conformance icon">gif</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag21/wcag2.1A-v.svg" title="SVG version of WCAG 2.1 Level A conformance icon">svg</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag21/wcag2.1A-v.eps" title="EPS version of WCAG 2.1 Level A conformance icon">eps</a>)</td>
      <td><img src="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag21/wcag2.1AA-v.png" alt="Level AA conformance icon, W3C-WAI Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.1" width="88" height="31" /><br />
        (<a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag21/wcag2.1AA-v.png" title="PNG version of WCAG 2.1 Level AA conformance icon">png</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag21/wcag2.1AA-v.gif" title="GIF version of WCAG 2.1 Level AA conformance icon">gif</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag21/wcag2.1AA-v.svg" title="SVG version of WCAG 2.1 Level AA conformance icon">svg</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag21/wcag2.1AA-v.eps" title="EPS version of WCAG 2.1 Level AA conformance icon">eps</a>)</td>
      <td><img src="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag21/wcag2.1AAA-v.png" alt="Level AAA conformance icon, W3C-WAI Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.1" width="88" height="31" /><br />
        (<a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag21/wcag2.1AAA-v.png" title="PNG version of WCAG 2.1 Level AAA conformance icon">png</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag21/wcag2.1AAA-v.gif" title="GIF version of WCAG 2.1 Level AAA conformance icon">gif</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag21/wcag2.1AAA-v.svg" title="SVG version of WCAG 2.1 Level AAA conformance icon">svg</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag21/wcag2.1AAA-v.eps" title="EPS version of WCAG 2.1 Level AAA conformance icon">eps</a>)</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">Blue</th>
      <td><img src="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag21/wcag2.1A-blue-v.png" alt="Level A conformance icon, W3C-WAI Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.1 (blue)" width="88" height="31" /><br />
        (<a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag21/wcag2.1A-blue-v.png" title="PNG version of WCAG 2.1 Level A conformance icon (blue)">png</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag21/wcag2.1A-blue-v.gif" title="GIF version of WCAG 2.1 Level A conformance icon (blue)">gif</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag21/wcag2.1A-blue-v.svg" title="SVG version of WCAG 2.1 Level A conformance icon (blue)">svg</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag21/wcag2.1A-blue-v.eps" title="EPS version of WCAG 2.1 Level A conformance icon (blue)">eps</a>)</td>
      <td><img src="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag21/wcag2.1AA-blue-v.png" alt="WCAG 2.1 AA (blue)" width="88" height="31" /><br />
        (<a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag21/wcag2.1AA-blue-v.png" title="PNG version of WCAG 2.1 Level AA conformance icon (blue)">png</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag21/wcag2.1AA-blue-v.gif" title="GIF version of WCAG 2.1 Level AA conformance icon (blue)">gif</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag21/wcag2.1AA-blue-v.svg" title="SVG version of WCAG 2.1 Level AA conformance icon (blue)">svg</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag21/wcag2.1AA-blue-v.eps" title="EPS version of WCAG 2.1 Level AA conformance icon (blue)">eps</a>)</td>
      <td><img src="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag21/wcag2.1AAA-blue-v.png" alt="Level AAA conformance icon, W3C-WAI Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.1 (blue)" width="88" height="31" /><br />
        (<a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag21/wcag2.1AAA-blue-v.png" title="PNG version of WCAG 2.1 Level AAA conformance icon (blue)">png</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag21/wcag2.1AAA-blue-v.gif" title="GIF version of WCAG 2.1 Level AAA conformance icon (blue)">gif</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag21/wcag2.1AAA-blue-v.svg" title="SVG version of WCAG 2.1 Level AAA conformance icon (blue)">svg</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag21/wcag2.1AAA-blue-v.eps" title="EPS version of WCAG 2.1 Level AAA conformance icon (blue)">eps</a>)</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
### WCAG 2.0 Logos

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>&nbsp;</th>
      <th scope="col">A</th>
      <th scope="col">AA</th>
      <th scope="col">AAA</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">Gold</th>
      <td><img src="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2A" alt="Level A conformance icon, W3C-WAI Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.0" width="88" height="31" /><br />
        (<a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2A.png" title="PNG version of WCAG 2.0 Level A conformance icon">png</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2A.gif" title="GIF version of WCAG 2.0 Level A conformance icon">gif</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2A-v.svg" title="SVG version of WCAG 2.0 Level A conformance icon">svg</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2A-v.eps" title="EPS version of WCAG 2.0 Level A conformance icon">eps</a>)</td>
      <td><img src="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2AA" alt="Level AA conformance icon, W3C-WAI Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.0" width="88" height="31" /><br />
        (<a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2AA.png" title="PNG version of WCAG 2.0 Level AA conformance icon">png</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2AA.gif" title="GIF version of WCAG 2.0 Level AA conformance icon">gif</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2AA-v.svg" title="SVG version of WCAG 2.0 Level AA conformance icon">svg</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2AA-v.eps" title="EPS version of WCAG 2.0 Level AA conformance icon">eps</a>)</td>
      <td><img src="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2AAA" alt="Level AAA conformance icon, W3C-WAI Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.0" width="88" height="31" /><br />
        (<a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2AAA.png" title="PNG version of WCAG 2.0 Level AAA conformance icon">png</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2AAA.gif" title="GIF version of WCAG 2.0 Level AAA conformance icon">gif</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2AAA-v.svg" title="SVG version of WCAG 2.0 Level AAA conformance icon">svg</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2AAA-v.eps" title="EPS version of WCAG 2.0 Level AAA conformance icon">eps</a>)</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">Blue</th>
      <td><img src="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2A-blue" alt="Level A conformance icon, W3C-WAI Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.0 (blue)" width="88" height="31" /><br />
        (<a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2A-blue.png" title="PNG version of WCAG 2.0 Level A conformance icon (blue)">png</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2A-blue.gif" title="GIF version of WCAG 2.0 Level A conformance icon (blue)">gif</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2A-blue-v.svg" title="SVG version of WCAG 2.0 Level A conformance icon (blue)">svg</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2A-blue-v.eps" title="EPS version of WCAG 2.0 Level A conformance icon (blue)">eps</a>)</td>
      <td><img src="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2AA-blue" alt="WCAG 2.0 AA (blue)" width="88" height="31" /><br />
        (<a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2AA-blue.png" title="PNG version of WCAG 2.0 Level AA conformance icon (blue)">png</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2AA-blue.gif" title="GIF version of WCAG 2.0 Level AA conformance icon (blue)">gif</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2AA-blue-v.svg" title="SVG version of WCAG 2.0 Level AA conformance icon (blue)">svg</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2AA-blue-v.eps" title="EPS version of WCAG 2.0 Level AA conformance icon (blue)">eps</a>)</td>
      <td><img src="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2AAA-blue" alt="Level AAA conformance icon, W3C-WAI Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.0 (blue)" width="88" height="31" /><br />
        (<a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2AAA-blue.png" title="PNG version of WCAG 2.0 Level AAA conformance icon (blue)">png</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2AAA-blue.gif" title="GIF version of WCAG 2.0 Level AAA conformance icon (blue)">gif</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2AAA-blue-v.svg" title="SVG version of WCAG 2.0 Level AAA conformance icon (blue)">svg</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/wcag2AAA-blue-v.eps" title="EPS version of WCAG 2.0 Level AAA conformance icon (blue)">eps</a>)</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

## Responsibility for accuracy of claims {#responsibility}

Content providers are solely responsible for the use of these logos. Before using these logos as part of a conformance claim, we recommend that the provider understand [Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2](https://www.w3.org/WAI/standards-guidelines/wcag/) and sufficiently [evaluate accessibility](https://www.w3.org/WAI/test-evaluate/conformance/) to ensure that pages using this logo meet the conformance level claimed. Providers should also ensure that anyone maintaining or updating the site is familiar with WCAG and the logo use, and either re-reviews the page or removes the logo from the page if they are unsure whether it still meets a specified conformance level.

**Please note that use of this logo is not based on an automated test.** No tool alone can determine if a page conforms to WCAG requirements. Sometimes evaluation tools can produce false or misleading results. Knowledgeable human evaluation is required to determine if a page is accessible. For these reasons, the logos on this page are used to indicate only a claim of conformance made by thorough evaluation, _not only tool evaluation_.

## Scope of the claim {#scope}

By default, a conformance icon refers to a single page. If the claim is meant to apply to include more than one page, the conformance icon must be accompanied by explicit scope information explaining which pages are covered by the claim.
