content/glance.md, before:

---

title: "WCAG 2 at a Glance"
nav_title: "At a Glance"

description: This page provides a paraphrased summary of Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.

lang: en
last_updated: 2023-11-29
permalink: /standards-guidelines/wcag/glance/

github:
  repository: w3c/wai-intro-wcag
  path: 'content/glance.md'

image: /content-images/wai-intro-wcag/general-social.jpg
feedbackmail: wai@w3.org
footer: >
  <p><strong>Date:</strong> Updated 29 November 2023. First published July 2008.</p>
  <p><strong>Editors:</strong> <a href="https://www.w3.org/People/Shawn">Shawn Lawton Henry</a> and Wayne Dick.</p>
  <p>Developed with input from the Education and Outreach Working Group (<a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/about/groups/eowg/">EOWG</a>) and the Accessibility Guidelines Working Group (<a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/GL/">AG WG</a>).</p>
ref: /standards-guidelines/wcag/glance/

# Read Translations Notes for this resource at https://github.com/w3c/wai-intro-wcag#readme
---

{::nomarkdown}
{% include box.html type="start" h="2" title="Summary" class="full" %}
{:/}

This page provides a paraphrased summary of Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.1 and 2.2.

{::nomarkdown}
{% include box.html type="end" %}
{:/}

Please see the following key resources for learning about WCAG 2:
-   **[[WCAG Overview]](/standards-guidelines/wcag/)**
-   **[[The WCAG 2 Documents]](/standards-guidelines/wcag/docs/)**

The normative technical specifications are at [www.w3.org/TR/WCAG22](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG22/) and [www.w3.org/TR/WCAG21](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG21/)

## Guidelines

{::nomarkdown}
{% include box.html type="start" title="Perceivable" h=3 class="large" %}
{:/}

-   Provide **[text alternatives](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/quickref/#text-equiv)** for non-text content.
-   Provide [**captions and other alternatives**](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/quickref/#media-equiv) for multimedia.
-   Create content that can be **[presented in different ways](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/quickref/#content-structure-separation)**, including by assistive technologies, without losing meaning.
-   Make it easier for users to **[see and hear content](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/quickref/#visual-audio-contrast)**.

{::nomarkdown}
{% include box.html type="end" %}
{:/}


{::nomarkdown}
{% include box.html type="start" title="Operable" h=3 class="large" %}
{:/}

-   Make all functionality available from a **[keyboard](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/quickref/#keyboard-operation)**.
-   Give users **[enough time](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/quickref/#time-limits)** to read and use content.
-   Do not use content that causes **[seizures](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/quickref/#seizures-and-physical-reactions)** or physical reactions.
-   Help users **[navigate and find content](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/quickref/#navigation-mechanisms)**.
-   Make it easier to use **[inputs other than keyboard](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/quickref/#input-modalities)**.

{::nomarkdown}
{% include box.html type="end" %}
{:/}

{::nomarkdown}
{% include box.html type="start" title="Understandable" h=3 class="large" %}
{:/}

-   Make text **[readable and understandable](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/quickref/#meaning)**.
-   Make content appear and operate in **[predictable](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/quickref/#consistent-behavior)** ways.
-   Help users **[avoid and correct mistakes](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/quickref/#minimize-error)**.

{::nomarkdown}
{% include box.html type="end" %}
{:/}

{::nomarkdown}
{% include box.html type="start" title="Robust" h=3 class="large" %}
{:/}

-   Maximize **[compatibility](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/quickref/#ensure-compat)** with current and future user tools.

{::nomarkdown}
{% include box.html type="end" %}
{:/}

## Versions

This page has summaries at the guideline level. The guidelines are the same in WCAG 2.1 and WCAG 2.2. To learn about the new success criteria, see [[What's New in WCAG 2.2]](/standards-guidelines/wcag/new-in-22/).

[[WCAG 2.0 at a Glance]](/standards-guidelines/wcag/20/glance/) has two differences from above:
* "Do not use content that causes seizures or physical reactions." does not include "or physical reactions".
* It does not include "Make it easier to use inputs other than keyboard."

Commit message:

Add Translation Instructions in frontmatter

content/glance.md, after:

---
# Translation instructions are after the "#" character in this first section. They are comments that do not show up in the web page. You do not need to translate the instructions after "#".
# In this first section, do not translate the words before a colon. For example, do not translate "title:". Do translate the text after "title:".

title: "WCAG 2 at a Glance"
nav_title: "At a Glance"
description: This page provides a paraphrased summary of Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.
lang: en  # Change "en" to the translated-language shortcode
last_updated: 2023-11-29  # Put the date of this translation YYYY-MM-DD (with month in the middle)

# translators: # remove from the beginning of this line and the lines below: "# " (the hash sign and the space)
# - name: "Translator Name Here" # Add one -name: line for every translator
# - name: "Jan Doe"   # Replace Jan Doe with translator name
# - name: "Jan Doe"   # Replace Jan Doe with name, or delete this line if not multiple translators
# contributors:
# - name: "Jan Doe"   # Replace Jan Doe with contributor name, or delete this line if none
# - name: "Jan Doe"   # Replace Jan Doe with name, or delete this line if not multiple contributors

github:
  repository: w3c/wai-intro-wcag
  path: 'content/glance.md' # Add the language shortcode to the middle of the filename, for example: content/index.fr.md

permalink: /standards-guidelines/wcag/glance/ # Add the language shortcode to the end, with no slash at end, for example: /link/to/page/fr
ref: /standards-guidelines/wcag/glance/ # Do not change this

image: /content-images/wai-intro-wcag/general-social.jpg
feedbackmail: wai@w3.org

# In the footer below:
# Do not change the dates
# Translate the other words below, including "Date:" and "Editors:"
# Translate the Working Group name. Leave the Working Group acronym in English.
footer: >
  <p><strong>Date:</strong> Updated 29 November 2023. First published July 2008.</p>
  <p><strong>Editors:</strong> <a href="https://www.w3.org/People/Shawn">Shawn Lawton Henry</a> and Wayne Dick.</p>
  <p>Developed with input from the Education and Outreach Working Group (<a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/about/groups/eowg/">EOWG</a>) and the Accessibility Guidelines Working Group (<a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/GL/">AG WG</a>).</p>

# Read Translations Notes for this resource at https://github.com/w3c/wai-intro-wcag#readme
---

{::nomarkdown}
{% include box.html type="start" h="2" title="Summary" class="full" %}
{:/}

This page provides a paraphrased summary of Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.1 and 2.2.

{::nomarkdown}
{% include box.html type="end" %}
{:/}

Please see the following key resources for learning about WCAG 2:
-   **[[WCAG Overview]](/standards-guidelines/wcag/)**
-   **[[The WCAG 2 Documents]](/standards-guidelines/wcag/docs/)**

The normative technical specifications are at [www.w3.org/TR/WCAG22](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG22/) and [www.w3.org/TR/WCAG21](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG21/)

## Guidelines

{::nomarkdown}
{% include box.html type="start" title="Perceivable" h=3 class="large" %}
{:/}

-   Provide **[text alternatives](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/quickref/#text-equiv)** for non-text content.
-   Provide [**captions and other alternatives**](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/quickref/#media-equiv) for multimedia.
-   Create content that can be **[presented in different ways](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/quickref/#content-structure-separation)**, including by assistive technologies, without losing meaning.
-   Make it easier for users to **[see and hear content](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/quickref/#visual-audio-contrast)**.

{::nomarkdown}
{% include box.html type="end" %}
{:/}


{::nomarkdown}
{% include box.html type="start" title="Operable" h=3 class="large" %}
{:/}

-   Make all functionality available from a **[keyboard](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/quickref/#keyboard-operation)**.
-   Give users **[enough time](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/quickref/#time-limits)** to read and use content.
-   Do not use content that causes **[seizures](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/quickref/#seizures-and-physical-reactions)** or physical reactions.
-   Help users **[navigate and find content](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/quickref/#navigation-mechanisms)**.
-   Make it easier to use **[inputs other than keyboard](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/quickref/#input-modalities)**.

{::nomarkdown}
{% include box.html type="end" %}
{:/}

{::nomarkdown}
{% include box.html type="start" title="Understandable" h=3 class="large" %}
{:/}

-   Make text **[readable and understandable](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/quickref/#meaning)**.
-   Make content appear and operate in **[predictable](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/quickref/#consistent-behavior)** ways.
-   Help users **[avoid and correct mistakes](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/quickref/#minimize-error)**.

{::nomarkdown}
{% include box.html type="end" %}
{:/}

{::nomarkdown}
{% include box.html type="start" title="Robust" h=3 class="large" %}
{:/}

-   Maximize **[compatibility](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/quickref/#ensure-compat)** with current and future user tools.

{::nomarkdown}
{% include box.html type="end" %}
{:/}

## Versions

This page has summaries at the guideline level. The guidelines are the same in WCAG 2.1 and WCAG 2.2. To learn about the new success criteria, see [[What's New in WCAG 2.2]](/standards-guidelines/wcag/new-in-22/).

[[WCAG 2.0 at a Glance]](/standards-guidelines/wcag/20/glance/) has two differences from above:
* "Do not use content that causes seizures or physical reactions." does not include "or physical reactions".
* It does not include "Make it easier to use inputs other than keyboard."
