content/non-web-ict.md, before:

---
# Translation info https://www.w3.org/wiki/WAI/Website/Translate

title: "WCAG2ICT Overview"
nav_title: "Applying to Non-Web ICT"

description: "Introduces the document: “Guidance on Applying WCAG 2.0 to Non-Web Information and Communications Technologies (WCAG2ICT)”."

lang: en
last_updated: 2019-02-15
permalink: /standards-guidelines/wcag/non-web-ict/

github:
  repository: w3c/wai-intro-wcag
  path: 'content/non-web-ict.md'

image: /content-images/wai-intro-wcag/general-social.jpg
footer: >
  <p><strong>Date:</strong> Updated 15 February 2019.</p>
  <p><strong>Editors:</strong> <a href="https://www.w3.org/People/Shawn/">Shawn Lawton Henry</a> and <a href="https://www.w3.org/People/Brewer/">Judy Brewer</a>.</p>
  <p>Developed with input from the <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/GL/WCAG2ICT-TF/">WCAG2ICT Task Force</a> and the Education and Outreach Working Group (<a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/about/groups/eowg/">EOWG</a>).</p>
ref: /standards-guidelines/wcag/non-web-ict/
---

{::nomarkdown}
{% include box.html type="start" h="2" title="Summary" class="full" %}
{:/}

This page introduces the document: "Guidance on Applying WCAG 2.0 to Non-Web Information and Communications Technologies (WCAG2ICT)".

Quick link: [WCAG2ICT Note](https://www.w3.org/TR/wcag2ict/)

{::nomarkdown}
{% include box.html type="end" %}
{:/}

{::nomarkdown}
{% include_cached toc.html type="start" title="Page Contents" class="simple" %}
{:/}

{::options toc_levels="2" /}

-   This text will be replaced by the TOC.
{:toc}

{::nomarkdown}
{% include_cached toc.html type="end" %}
{:/}

## Introduction {#intro}

[Guidance on Applying WCAG 2.0 to Non-Web Information and Communications Technologies (WCAG2ICT)](https://www.w3.org/TR/wcag2ict/) describes how the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.0 can be applied to non-web information and communications technologies (ICT). It supports harmonized accessibility solutions across a range of technologies.

*Background:* **WCAG 2.0** is a normative web standard — it is a W3C Recommendation and an ISO International Standard ([ISO/IEC 40500:2012](https://www.w3.org/QA/2012/10/wcag_20_is_now_also_isoiec_405.html)) — that explains how to make web content (including static web pages, dynamic web applications, etc.) more accessible to people with disabilities. The [WCAG Overview](/standards-guidelines/wcag/) introduces the WCAG documents and links to supporting resources such as [[WCAG 2.0 at a Glance]](/standards-guidelines/wcag/20/glance/) and [How to Meet WCAG 2 (Quick Reference)](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG20/quickref/).

*This document:* **WCAG2ICT** is a W3C Working Group Note that is informative — it is not normative and does not set requirements. It provides guidance on the application of WCAG 2.0 principles, guidelines, and success criteria to non-web documents and software. WCAG2ICT was developed to provide an authoritative interpretation of how WCAG 2.0 can apply in different contexts. For information on the scope of WCAG2ICT, see the [WCAG2ICT Introduction](https://www.w3.org/TR/wcag2ict/#intro).

*Note:* **WCAG2ICT is still relevant for later versions of WCAG 2**. For example, WCAG 2.1 does not change the requirements of WCAG 2.0 that are addressed in WCAG2ICT; WCAG 2.1 adds additional requirements. W3C may update WCAG2ICT in the future to add the additional requirements from later versions of WCAG 2.

## Who WCAG2ICT is for {#for}

WCAG2ICT is for ICT managers, ICT developers, policy makers, and others wanting to understand how WCAG 2.0 can be applied to non-web documents and software.

## What is in WCAG2ICT {#whatis}

WCAG2ICT provides:

-   **Overall context** for applying WCAG 2.0 to non-web documents and software.
-   **Guidance on applying the WCAG principles, guidelines, and Levels A and AA success criteria** to non-web documents and software.
-   **Key Terms** related to applying WCAG 2.0 to non-web documents and software.
-   **Comments on the definitions** in the WCAG 2.0 Glossary.
-   **Comments on conformance**.
-   **Background information** on some topics.

WCAG2ICT includes material from the WCAG 2.0 standard to provide context, along with specific guidance related to non-web ICT, formatted as follows:

-   **WCAG 2.0 principles, guidelines, and success criteria** — the exact text from the WCAG 2.0 standard. *These are visually styled in pale yellow boxes and usually prefaced with "Principle...", "From Guideline...", or "From Success Criterion..".*
-   **Excerpted text from the "Intent" sections of Understanding WCAG 2.0**, an informative supporting document. *These are visually styled in pale yellow boxes and prefaced with "Intent from Understanding Success Criterion...".*
-   **Guidance on applying each success criteria to non-web documents and software**. *These are visually styled in pale blue boxes with a heading on a dark blue background that starts with "Additional Guidance...".*

### Technical document format

WCAG2ICT follows the [W3C](https://www.w3.org) format for technical
reports, which has several sections at the beginning, including links to
different versions, editors, abstract, and status.

## Who develops WCAG2ICT {#wg}

WCAG2ICT was developed by the [WCAG2ICT Task Force](https://www.w3.org/WAI/GL/WCAG2ICT-TF/), provided for public review, and approved by the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines Working Group ([WCAG WG](https://www.w3.org/WAI/GL/)), which is part of the World Wide Web Consortium ([W3C](https://www.w3.org/)) Web Accessibility Initiative ([WAI](https://www.w3.org/WAI/)).

### Comments

WCAG2ICT is now a stable W3C Working Group Note, and the WCAG Working
Group does not plan to make changes. However, the document can be
updated if needed. If you have any comments on the Additional Guidance
sections of WCAG2ICT, please send them to the public mailing list
<public-wcag2ict-comments@w3.org>.

If you have comments on the wording taken from WCAG 2.0 or Understanding
WCAG 2.0, please read the [[Instructions for Commenting on WCAG 2.0
Documents]](/standards-guidelines/wcag/commenting/).

Commit message:

adding TF is updating it

content/non-web-ict.md, after:

---
# Translation info https://www.w3.org/wiki/WAI/Website/Translate

title: "WCAG2ICT Overview"
nav_title: "Applying to Non-Web ICT"

description: "Introduces the document: “Guidance on Applying WCAG 2 to Non-Web Information and Communications Technologies (WCAG2ICT)”."

lang: en
last_updated: 2022-06-15
permalink: /standards-guidelines/wcag/non-web-ict/

github:
  repository: w3c/wai-intro-wcag
  path: 'content/non-web-ict.md'

image: /content-images/wai-intro-wcag/general-social.jpg
footer: >
  <p><strong>Date:</strong> Updated 15 June 2022.</p>
  <p><strong>Editors:</strong> <a href="https://www.w3.org/People/Shawn/">Shawn Lawton Henry</a> and <a href="https://www.w3.org/People/Brewer/">Judy Brewer</a>.</p>
  <p>Developed with input from the <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/GL/WCAG2ICT-TF/">WCAG2ICT Task Force</a> and the Education and Outreach Working Group (<a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/about/groups/eowg/">EOWG</a>).</p>
ref: /standards-guidelines/wcag/non-web-ict/
---

{::nomarkdown}
{% include box.html type="start" h="2" title="Summary" class="full" %}
{:/}

This page introduces the document: "Guidance on Applying WCAG 2.0 to Non-Web Information and Communications Technologies (WCAG2ICT)".

Quick link: [WCAG2ICT Note](https://www.w3.org/TR/wcag2ict/)

Update in progress: The WCAG2ICT Task Force is updating WCAG2ICT to also include WCAG 2.1 and WCAG 2.2.

{::nomarkdown}
{% include box.html type="end" %}
{:/}

{::nomarkdown}
{% include_cached toc.html type="start" title="Page Contents" class="simple" %}
{:/}

{::options toc_levels="2" /}

-   This text will be replaced by the TOC.
{:toc}

{::nomarkdown}
{% include_cached toc.html type="end" %}
{:/}

## Introduction {#intro}

[Guidance on Applying WCAG 2.0 to Non-Web Information and Communications Technologies (WCAG2ICT)](https://www.w3.org/TR/wcag2ict/) describes how the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.0 can be applied to non-web information and communications technologies (ICT). It supports harmonized accessibility solutions across a range of technologies.

*Background:* **WCAG 2.0** is a normative web standard — it is a W3C Recommendation and an ISO International Standard ([ISO/IEC 40500:2012](https://www.w3.org/QA/2012/10/wcag_20_is_now_also_isoiec_405.html)) — that explains how to make web content (including static web pages, dynamic web applications, etc.) more accessible to people with disabilities. The [WCAG Overview](/standards-guidelines/wcag/) introduces the WCAG documents and links to supporting resources such as [[WCAG 2.0 at a Glance]](/standards-guidelines/wcag/20/glance/) and [How to Meet WCAG 2 (Quick Reference)](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG20/quickref/).

*This document:* **WCAG2ICT** is a W3C Working Group Note that is informative — it is not normative and does not set requirements. It provides guidance on the application of WCAG 2.0 principles, guidelines, and success criteria to non-web documents and software. WCAG2ICT was developed to provide an authoritative interpretation of how WCAG 2.0 can apply in different contexts. For information on the scope of WCAG2ICT, see the [WCAG2ICT Introduction](https://www.w3.org/TR/wcag2ict/#intro).

*Note:* **WCAG2ICT is still relevant for later versions of WCAG 2**. For example, WCAG 2.1 does not change the requirements of WCAG 2.0 that are addressed in WCAG2ICT; WCAG 2.1 adds additional requirements. In 2022, the WCAG2ICT Task Force is updating WCAG2ICT to cover WCAG 2.1 and WCAG 2.2.

## Who WCAG2ICT is for {#for}

WCAG2ICT is for ICT managers, ICT developers, policy makers, and others wanting to understand how WCAG 2 can be applied to non-web documents and software.

## What is in WCAG2ICT {#whatis}

WCAG2ICT provides:

-   **Overall context** for applying WCAG 2 to non-web documents and software.
-   **Guidance on applying the WCAG principles, guidelines, and Levels A and AA success criteria** to non-web documents and software.
-   **Key Terms** related to applying WCAG 2 to non-web documents and software.
-   **Comments on the definitions** in the WCAG 2 Glossary.
-   **Comments on conformance**.
-   **Background information** on some topics.

WCAG2ICT includes material from the WCAG 2 standard to provide context, along with specific guidance related to non-web ICT, formatted as follows:

-   **WCAG 2 principles, guidelines, and success criteria** — the exact text from the WCAG 2 standard. *These are visually styled in pale yellow boxes and usually prefaced with "Principle...", "From Guideline...", or "From Success Criterion..".*
-   **Excerpted text from the "Intent" sections of Understanding WCAG 2**, an informative supporting document. *These are visually styled in pale yellow boxes and prefaced with "Intent from Understanding Success Criterion...".*
-   **Guidance on applying each success criteria to non-web documents and software**. *These are visually styled in pale blue boxes with a heading on a dark blue background that starts with "Additional Guidance...".*

### Technical document format

WCAG2ICT follows the [W3C](https://www.w3.org) format for technical reports, which has several sections at the beginning, including links to different versions, editors, abstract, and status.

## Who develops WCAG2ICT {#wg}

WCAG2ICT is developed by the [WCAG2ICT Task Force](https://www.w3.org/WAI/GL/WCAG2ICT-TF/), provided for public review, and approved by the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines Working Group ([WCAG WG](https://www.w3.org/WAI/GL/)), which is part of the World Wide Web Consortium ([W3C](https://www.w3.org/)) Web Accessibility Initiative ([WAI](https://www.w3.org/WAI/)).

### Comments

If you have any comments on the Additional Guidance sections of WCAG2ICT, please send them to the public mailing list <public-wcag2ict-comments@w3.org>.

If you have comments on the wording taken from WCAG 2 or Understanding WCAG 2, please read the [[Instructions for Commenting on WCAG 2 Documents]](/standards-guidelines/wcag/commenting/).
